README.md, before:

# ~/.dotfiles/

This is what I use every day for work, play, and everything else.

You may also like [bootstart](https://github.com/alexblackie/bootstart):
the Ansible playbooks I use to provision my workstations/laptops.

Setup is very easy:

```bash
$ ./install
```

The script will symlink all the configs into the right place in the home folder.

If you want it to remove existing files to ensure they're fresh and overwritten,
you can run:

```
$ FORCE=1 ./install
```

If you want it to echo every command it will run without actually changing
anything, you can set `DEBUG` to any value before running:

```
$ DEBUG=1 ./install
```

## Platform-specific configuration

By default, only platform-agnostic configuration is installed (such as vim, git,
etc). However, Linux and macOS have specific software that also needs to be
configured, but I didn't want those to be spewed all over each other
unnecessarily.

So, dotfiles are split into three groups: `macOS`, `linux`, and `common`.
`common` is always installed, and `linux` and `macos` can be passed as arguments
to the script to install those respective platform-specific configs.

For example:

```
$ ./install linux
```

## dconf

There are also `dconf` schema dumps for some Gnome settings. Another script is
included to manage these dumps. Just run it to restore the dump:

```
$ ./dconf
```

And to regenerate them from the current dconf settings:

```
$ ./dconf dump
```

Commit message:

Simplify install process and remove multi-platform
This is a big one. We're removing support for macOS from the install
script as I barely am able to use my dotfiles on my work laptop anyway.
This then allows us to significantly simplify the hierarchy and install
script to do away with the "component" folders for each platform and
just have one `configs` folder for everything. This brings `dotfiles`
in-line with `bootstart`, the latter of which lost macOS support a while
back in a similar effort.

We also basically rewrite the whole install script to use `find` more
extensively and overwrite `IFS` instead of weird manual `sed` calls.
Overall, I think I trust this script a bit more than the previous one,
and it's not as embarrassing, so I guess that's a win.

The VSCode extension installation was also moved to its own script since
putting it in `install` was pretty weird and bad.

README.md, after:

# ~/.dotfiles/

This is what I use every day for work, play, and everything else.

You may also like [bootstart](https://github.com/alexblackie/bootstart):
the Ansible playbooks I use to provision my workstations/laptops.

Setup is very easy:

```bash
$ ./install
```

The script will symlink all the configs into the right place in the home folder.

If you want it to remove existing files to ensure they're fresh and overwritten,
you can run:

```
$ FORCE=1 ./install
```

If you want it to echo every command it will run without actually changing
anything, you can set `DEBUG` to any value before running:

```
$ DEBUG=1 ./install
```

**Note!** The scripts and configuration files herein exclusively target
GNU/Linux systems. While most of the things will probably work on macOS, many of
the GNU tools used in the scripts will not be available, at least not with the
expected executable names. You can probably make it work but I don't want to
have to support that.

## dconf

There are also `dconf` schema dumps for some Gnome settings. Another script is
included to manage these dumps. Just run it to restore the dump:

```
$ ./dconf
```

And to regenerate them from the current dconf settings:

```
$ ./dconf dump
```

## Visual Studio Code

VSCode has no great way to sync extensions between installations, so there is
yet another script to reinstall a list of them using the `code` CLI.

```
$ ./vscode
```
